com.example.LED.BluetoothLeService
com.example.LED.BluetoothLeService: BluetoothLeService()
com.example.LED.DeviceScanActivity
com.example.LED.DeviceScanActivity: DeviceScanActivity()
com.example.LED.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.LED.R$drawable: int rgb
com.example.LED.R$id: int device_address
com.example.LED.R$id: int device_name
com.example.LED.R$id: int menu_connect
com.example.LED.R$id: int menu_disconnect
com.example.LED.R$id: int menu_scan
com.example.LED.R$id: int menu_stop
com.example.LED.R$id: int rgb
com.example.LED.R$id: int setTime
com.example.LED.R$id: int setself
com.example.LED.R$layout: int listdevice
com.example.LED.R$layout: int write
com.example.LED.R$menu: int connect
com.example.LED.R$menu: int menu
com.example.LED.R$string: int app_name
com.example.LED.R$string: int ble_not_supported
com.example.LED.R$string: int connected
com.example.LED.R$string: int disconnected
com.example.LED.R$string: int error_bluetooth_not_supported
com.example.LED.R$string: int label_data
com.example.LED.R$string: int label_device_address
com.example.LED.R$string: int label_state
com.example.LED.R$string: int menu_connect
com.example.LED.R$string: int menu_disconnect
com.example.LED.R$string: int menu_scan
com.example.LED.R$string: int menu_stop
com.example.LED.R$string: int no_data
com.example.LED.R$string: int title_devices
com.example.LED.R$string: int unknown_characteristic
com.example.LED.R$string: int unknown_device
com.example.LED.R$string: int unknown_service
com.example.LED.write
com.example.LED.write: write()
